Bpk 2795 dev android add snackbar component (#320)
Skyscanner/backpack-android: docs/Snackbar/README.md

# Snackbar

## Installation

Backpack Android is available through [Jitpack](https://jitpack.io/#Skyscanner/backpack-android). Check the main [Readme](https://github.com/skyscanner/backpack-android#installation) for a complete installation guide.

## Usage

The Snackbar uses builder pattern and can be used in Kotlin/Java

```Kotlin
import net.skyscanner.backpack.snackbar.BpkSnackbar

BpkSnackbar.builder(view, "Message", BpkSnackbar.LENGTH_SHORT)
        .setAction("Action") {}
        .build()
        .show()
```

> It's strongly not recommended to change message or action once the Snackbar has been built.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's strongly not recommended not to change the message or action after the Snackbar has been built. This might result in losing the themed attributes
```

Author: Done
